Ton Nam threw the tail behind me.
So many people fighting for the sea miles?
Here the sea is also the dragon head of the Alliance.
Book now
He is also a resource that many nobles fight over.
Is this the almighty mile marker from that year?
Can he still wake up?
He must really not want to.
And in pain.
Humans have blocked the brain channels.
So for several years he still has not had the ability to awaken.
What now?
I opened all his channels.
But can he?
Depends on how strong the desire to live is.
Ly Thanh Hai, Ly Thanh Hai.
The person closest to him betrayed him.
Your heart and dreams will be destroyed too.
Once you sleep for so many years
Should she get up?
Let those who deserve be punished.
Useful September
Ly Thanh Hai, Ly Thanh Hai.
Think about your daughter.
Brutally murdered at such a young age.
You should stand up like a man.
Don't you want revenge?